Captioning made possible by
Turner entertainment group
and U.S. department of education
[click]
[Clicking]
Stupid Dee Dee.
Of all the sisters
in the world,
why do I have to
get the one
that is stupid?
Dee Dee:
Ok. I'm ready.
You can come in now.
All right, Dee.
Stupid Dee Dee.
All right, Dee Dee.
I know
I lost the wager
fair and square
and I agreed
that if I lost,
I would play
one of your stupid
little games,
but I am a very busy
boy genius,
so let's just
make this quick.
Dee Dee? Dee Dee?
Dee Dee!
Dexter,
I am the all-knowing,
all-seeing
madam Dee Dee.
Using the power of
my enchanted crystal ball,
I will tell
your future.
You are
about to sit down.
Dee Dee,
did you not know
that we scientists
are skeptical
about these types
of fortune-telling
phenomenon?
Put simply, we do
not believe in it.
I knew you
were going to say that.
You will believe.
You will!
Fine.
Just make it quick.
As I gaze deep
into the crystal ball,
I see...
I see you.
You've got
a whole new look.
A brand-new look?
That is ridiculous.
Why mess with
success, eh, baby?
Ha cha!
I'm seeing
something else.
Very soon, you will
be surrounded by...
Hot men.
What you
talking about,
Dee Dee?
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
The crystal ball
don't lie, sugar.
Ha ha ha!
Well, anyway,
let us move on.
What else
do you see?
I see
you will encounter
a hopping mad
polka-dotted bunny.
Now, that's
just dumb.
Oh, wait.
I see something.
What is it?
Some words. Yes!
I can read them.
What do they say?
They say...
"Dee Dee is stupid."
I'm out of here,
sister.
Hasta manana,
wait, Dexter!
I'm seeing
one more thing.
Save it
for next season.
But, Dexter,
this looks really bad,
really, really bad.
All right, crazo.
Thank you so much
for the warning.
See you next time
I'm in crazy land.
Have fun being crazy
while I'm away.
Boy, she has really
lost it this time.
That fortune-telling stuff
is a load of bull pucky.
Uh, what?
Look. The lamp
is unplugged.
I will just
plug it back in.
Aah!
[Sigh]
There must be
some faulty wiring.
Mom and dad should
look into some electrical work.
My hair, it is atrocious.
Could this be
Dee Dee's prediction?
Huh?
No one there.
Just a coincidence.
Hey, Dexter.
Dad, did you
just see a snowman?
Snowman? The last
time I saw a snowman
was last Christmas.
Why?
Did you see one?
It might be
christmastime
right now.
Ooh, I love
christmastime--
the presents,
the trees, the food.
Oh, boy. Oh, boy!
No, dad. I mean,
like, someone
in a snowman costume
lurking around the house.
Costume? You mean
like Halloween?
Oh, I love
Halloween.
Thanks for the tip,
Dex.
Well, dad seems to be
acting normal.
Hey, mom.
Thanks for lending me
the flashlight.
Oh, no problem, dear.
Hi, mom.
Oh, hello,
Dee Dee.
Hey, Dexter.
Anything the matter?
No.
Are you sure?
You sound kind of
creeped out.
Well, I'm not.
I told you,
I do not believe
in that crazy
mumbo jumbo jive.
We'll see, Dexter.
We'll see.
Mom, I have been
having one of those
stressful days again.
Oh, well,
I'm making cookies.
Would you like one?
Maybe it'll make you
feel better.
Cookies? That
sounds delicious.
Yes, please.
Be careful.
They're hot.
Hot gingerbread men!
Another prediction
come true.
[Gasp]
No!
I am so glad Dexter reminded
me
that it was Halloween today.
Ha! I love to dress up
in costume.
[Muttering]
A hopping mad
polka-dotted bunny?
Another prediction
come true.
Dee Dee's knack for seeing
future events is uncanny.
Wait a minute.
What was the last thing
Dee Dee was trying to tell me?
She said
it was really bad.
I had better find out
before it is too late.
Dee Dee!
Dee Dee, you've
got to help me.
Oh, what's
the matter, Dex?
You have to
see into the future.
Tell me
what terrible thing
you saw.
But I thought
you didn't believe in
all that.
I didn't,
but all that stuff
you said,
it came true.
Please tell me
my future.
So now
do you believe?
Yes, yes.
Now tell me what
your crystal ball
shows.
Ok!
I have to look deep
into my crystal ball
for this one.
It's very hazy,
but...
But...
I see it.
[Gasp]
What? What is it?
You are running away
from something.
It's been stalking you
all around the house.
It looks like...
Like...
Yes? Yes?
A snowman.
Yes. It is all true.
A crazy snowman
is after me.
[Gasp]
What happens next?
Wait. Wait.
There. I see it.
He's gonna get you!
There he is!
[Gibberish]
Hey.
[Bells jingling]
A snow globe?
Now who's a crazo?
Dee Dee,
that is not fair.
You tricked me.
I made a believer
out of you, Dexter.
I'll give you something
to believe in--
my karate chop.
Wait, Dexter.
I can see the future
in your palm, too.
It says the end is near.
Yeah, right.
I will believe that
when I see it.
[Whirring]
Yippee!
Yet another
scientific success.
I must make
a personal note of it.
[Rumbling]
[Beeping]
[Muttering]
Remove yourself from
my experimentational
facility!
Get out of my lab!
[Clang]
Hmm!
Oh, what did I
tell you, Dee Dee,
about being here?
I said--
Aah!
[Gibberish]
[Dexter screaming]
[Monster screaming gibberish]
Aah!
Sister!
Hi, Dexter.
Sister Dee Dee,
you must save me.
A hideous monster
is on the loose.
It is
a dangerous beast
adorned with horns
and sharp teeth
and claws
to cut you.
Dexter,
you're scaring me.
And the worst part is
he could be...
Anywhere.
Come on.
We've got to hide.
Hide?
I love hiding games.
I know the secretest
of secret hiding places.
This is very secret.
He'll never find you
in there.
[Muffled]
Thank you, sister.
Ooh, maybe you are
good for something
after all.
In here, Dexter.
Aah!
Help, Dee Dee,
help!
In here, Dexter.
Aah!
Dexter, Dexter!
Here.
My motherboard
will protect me.
Aah!
Let us try
another hiding place,
okey-dokey?
My atom smasher?
He won't be able
to find you
if you're flat.
Hmm. Good thinking.
Yipe!
Here, Dexter.
This will turn you
invisible.
Ha ha!
Stupid monster.
Science always wins.
Huh? Huh?
[Sniffing]
Oh, no.
In here, Dexter.
In here.
Wait. Where am I?
My particle accelerator?
[Dexter screaming]
Dexter:
Dee Dee, turn--
the--
knob--
closed.
Aah!
Dexter! Dexter!
[Muffled screaming]
Huh?
Dexter, here.
In here, Dexter.
Eee!
Ha ha ha!
Foolish monster.
You're on the wrong side
of the fence.
Aah!
Help, Dee Dee, help!
In here, Dexter. In here.
You'll be safe in here,
Dexter.
Thank you, sister.
[Rumbling]
What was that noise?
Dee Dee?
[Breathing heavily]
Dee Dee,
aren't you there?
[Dexter screaming]
The monster ate my sister.
No!
My sister is forever gone,
and I have
nowhere else to go.
Why?
[Sobbing]
I must warn the rest of
my family of the impending doom
before there are any more...
[Gulp]
Casualties.
Mother, father,
there is a horrible monster
on the loose,
and it ate up Dee Dee.
Please protect me
from such a horrible fate.
Please, parents, save me,
please.
Dad: Ha ha!
Easy there, Dexter.
There's
no such thing
as monsters.
Mom: Oh, don't worry,
Dexter.
Dad: You'll be safe
up here with us.
You are the greatest
parents a child can ask for.
Thank you.
Oh, thank you,
mother and father.
You make me feel so safe.
[Chomping]
Mmm, mmm!
[Crickets chirping]
[Clicking]
And one more turn
will make my creation
complete.
No longer will Dee Dee
be able to touch my stuff
in my wondrous laboratory.
Not with my newest creation--
the defendatron!
[Beeping]
First, to activate it.
[Ding]
The first line of defense,
a 13-digit code
that only I, Dexter, know.
There is
a 1 in 20 million chance
that Dee Dee
could get it right.
Next, a perimeter of lasers
so sensitive
merely touching one
will shock Dee Dee,
and she will never get in.
Next, a series
of 3-foot-thick doors.
Then, a multitude
of razor-sharp blades.
And finally, a banana
scientifically designed
to be so slippery,
all are cursed to fall
under its slipperiness.
♪ Go, Dexter
♪ it's your birthday--
dad, what are you
doing here?
I mean, you are
probably wondering--
ha ha--
what this lab is.
Well, it's,
um, some sort of
an alien spaceship
that I discovered,
and, uh--
[snoring]
Huh?
Dad somehow sleepwalked
into my laboratory.
Ha ha ha!
Well, at least
he's asleep.
[Gasp]
But what
if he should awaken?
He will see everything.
No!
My assortment of
rare scientific chemicals.
[Glass breaking]
[Gasp]
[Snoring]
The untested x-14
invisibility oxide.
Aah!
Dad, look out!
Oh, no.
I squished dad.
[Dad snoring]
[Footsteps]
I'm coming, dad.
[Dad snoring]
[Gasp]
The water
short-circuited
the deatomizer.
I shrunk dad!
Hold on while I
grab the reatomizer.
[Snoring]
Oops. Too much juice.
[Snoring louder]
I am out of power.
I need to plug this in
and recharge.
[Crash]
Oh, not my molecular
translocation quadrant.
Come on.
[Glass breaking]
Hurry, please.
[Beeping]
Good enough. Aha!
Oh, great.
At least this way,
he can't get into
any more trouble.
[Snoring]
Dad has been sucked
into the air vent?
[Clanging]
Don't worry.
I will save you.
[Smacking lips]
I want a glass of water.
No, no. Not z-19!
[Burp]
[Glass breaks]
[Snoring]
My laboratory equipment,
destroyed.
That's it!
Antidote.
[Growling]
[Snoring]
[Glass breaks]
[Burp]
[Gasp]
What is this place?
Scientific technology,
robot cyborgs,
bubbling chemical
vat thingies,
probes?
It's an alien spaceship.
I'll never forget this
as long as--
♪ go to sleep,
daddy ♪
♪ do it right now
[Dexter grunting]
[Metal clanging]
[Dexter screaming]
[Snoring]
Grr!
[Door creaks]
Ah!
Shh. Dexter, don't you know
I'm a light sleeper?
Man: Enter at your own peril,
past the bolted door,
where impossible
things may
happen
that the world's
never seen before.
♪ In Dexter's laboratory
♪ lives the smartest boy
you've ever seen ♪
♪ but Dee Dee
♪ blows his experiments
♪ to
smithereens ♪
♪ there is gloom and doom
while things go boom ♪
♪ in Dexter's lab
captioning made possible by
Turner entertainment group
and U.S. department of education
captioned by the national
captioning institute
--www.Ncicap.Org--